Experimental support for tracing (#16020)
kubernetes/kops: docs/opentelemetry.md

# OpenTelemetry support

kOps is experimenting with initial support for OpenTelemetry, starting with tracing.

The support should be considered experimental; the trace file format and schema will likely change, and these initial experiments might be removed entirely.

> kOps supports a "serverless" mode of operation, where log the OpenTracing output to a file.  We do this because our e2e test runner (prow) doesn't yet have a destination for OpenTelemetry data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kOps supports a "serverless" mode of operation, where it logs the OpenTracing output to a file.  We do this because our e2e test runner (prow) doesn't yet have a destination for OpenTelemetry data.
```
